DOCSP-13820 explain method (#92)
mongodb/docs-java: source/includes/fundamentals/explain-verbosity.rst

The following table shows the verbosity levels for the explain
operation and their intended use cases:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :stub-columns: 1
   :widths: 40 60

   * - Verbosity Level
     - Use Case

   * - ALL_PLANS_EXECUTIONS
     - You want to know which plan MongoDB will choose to run your query.

   * - EXECUTION_STATS
     - You want to know if your query is performing well.

   * - QUERY_PLANNER

>      - You have a problem with your query and you want as much information
>      as possible to diagnose why it might be slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - You have a problem with your query and you want as much information
        as possible to diagnose why it might be slow.
```

Issue: I think the second line of the rst is not loading on the page because the indentation may not be aligned.

>      - You have a problem with your query and you want as much information
>      as possible to diagnose why it might be slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - You have a problem with your query and you want as much information
     as possible to diagnose the issue.
```

Suggestion: This sentence sounded slightly off the first time I read it, and I think the issue for me was that "a problem" sounds general "but might be slow" sounds specific. I think either "might be slow" should be made more general (like "the issue") or "a problem" should be made more specific (like "Your app is slow").

     
For information on what each verbosity level does, see the API

> Documentation on :java-core-api:`ExplainVerbosity <com/mongodb/ExplainVerbosity>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation on the :java-core-api:`ExplainVerbosity <com/mongodb/ExplainVerbosity>` Enum.
```

Suggestion: Could the type of this item be mentioned? I think it is an Enum. I haven't described anything with this type before, so some research may have to be done to see how people writing about Java talk about Enums.

Author: My edit shows "enumeration" instead of "Enum"
